hi how you blues heads out there I'm
blues Bradford here's a little up-tempo
tune I'll call the t-bone Joe
hey
you
I
Oh
you
and
I
well I hope you like that if your guitar
player and you'd like to learn how to
play that solo check out my website at
blues Bradford com also just a quick
word about my equipment I'm playing a
les paul standard guitar outfitted with
WCR crossroad pickups WCR makes great
humbucking pickups the amp i'm using is
made by metropolis it's a metropolis GPM
45 it's essentially a replica of a 1965
marshall jtm 45 and great signing up so
if you like those old Marshall sounding
amps check out metropolis and if you
want to know more about my equipment
just check out my website at blues
Bradford com and i've got some more
details listed there until next time see
you later stick with the blues
you